then job answered listen carefully to my
then job answered listen carefully to my speech and let this be your consolation
speech and let this be your consolation
speech and let this be your consolation bear with me that I may speak and after
bear with me that I may speak and after
bear with me that I may speak and after I have spoken
I have spoken
I have spoken keep mocking as for me is my complaint
keep mocking as for me is my complaint
keep mocking as for me is my complaint against man and if it were why should I
against man and if it were why should I
against man and if it were why should I not be impatient look at me and be
not be impatient look at me and be
not be impatient look at me and be astonished put your hand over your mouth
astonished put your hand over your mouth
astonished put your hand over your mouth even when I remember I am terrified and
even when I remember I am terrified and
even when I remember I am terrified and trembling takes hold of my flesh why do
trembling takes hold of my flesh why do
trembling takes hold of my flesh why do the wicked live and become old yes
the wicked live and become old yes
the wicked live and become old yes become mighty in power their descendants
become mighty in power their descendants
become mighty in power their descendants are established with them in their sight
are established with them in their sight
are established with them in their sight and their offspring before their eyes
and their offspring before their eyes
and their offspring before their eyes their houses are safe from fear neither
their houses are safe from fear neither
their houses are safe from fear neither does the rod of God upon them their bull
does the rod of God upon them their bull
does the rod of God upon them their bull breeds without faintly their cow calves
breeds without faintly their cow calves
breeds without faintly their cow calves without miscarriage they send forth the
without miscarriage they send forth the
without miscarriage they send forth the little ones like a flock and their
little ones like a flock and their
little ones like a flock and their children dance they sing to the
children dance they sing to the
children dance they sing to the tambourine and harp and rejoice to the
tambourine and harp and rejoice to the
tambourine and harp and rejoice to the sound of the flute they spend their days
sound of the flute they spend their days
sound of the flute they spend their days in wealth and in a moment
in wealth and in a moment
in wealth and in a moment go down to the grave
go down to the grave
go down to the grave if they say to God depart from us for we
if they say to God depart from us for we
if they say to God depart from us for we do not desire the knowledge of your ways
do not desire the knowledge of your ways
do not desire the knowledge of your ways who is the Almighty that we should serve
who is the Almighty that we should serve
who is the Almighty that we should serve him and what profit do we have if we
him and what profit do we have if we
him and what profit do we have if we pray to him indeed their prosperity is
pray to him indeed their prosperity is
pray to him indeed their prosperity is not in their hand the counsel of the
not in their hand the counsel of the
not in their hand the counsel of the wicked is far from me
wicked is far from me
wicked is far from me how often is the lamp of the wicked put
how often is the lamp of the wicked put
how often is the lamp of the wicked put out how often does their destruction
out how often does their destruction
out how often does their destruction come upon them the sorrows God
come upon them the sorrows God
come upon them the sorrows God distributes in his anger they are like
distributes in his anger they are like
distributes in his anger they are like straw before the wind and like chaff
straw before the wind and like chaff
straw before the wind and like chaff that a storm carries away they say God
that a storm carries away they say God
that a storm carries away they say God lays up ones iniquity for his children
lays up ones iniquity for his children
lays up ones iniquity for his children let him recompense him that he may know
let him recompense him that he may know
let him recompense him that he may know it but his eyes see his destruction and
it but his eyes see his destruction and
it but his eyes see his destruction and let him drink of the wrath of the
let him drink of the wrath of the
let him drink of the wrath of the Almighty
Almighty
Almighty for what does he care about his
for what does he care about his
for what does he care about his household after him when the number of
household after him when the number of
household after him when the number of his months is cut in half
his months is cut in half
his months is cut in half can anyone teach God knowledge and he
can anyone teach God knowledge and he
can anyone teach God knowledge and he judges those on high one dies in his
judges those on high one dies in his
judges those on high one dies in his full strength being holy at ease and
full strength being holy at ease and
full strength being holy at ease and secure his pales are full of milk and
secure his pales are full of milk and
secure his pales are full of milk and the marrow of his bones is moist another
the marrow of his bones is moist another
the marrow of his bones is moist another man dies in the bitterness of his soul
man dies in the bitterness of his soul
man dies in the bitterness of his soul never having eaten with pleasure they
never having eaten with pleasure they
never having eaten with pleasure they lie down alight in the dust
lie down alight in the dust
lie down alight in the dust and worms cover them look I know your
and worms cover them look I know your
and worms cover them look I know your thoughts and the scheme's with which you
thoughts and the scheme's with which you
thoughts and the scheme's with which you had wronged me for you say where is the
had wronged me for you say where is the
had wronged me for you say where is the house of the prince and where is the
house of the prince and where is the
house of the prince and where is the tent the dwelling place of the wicked if
tent the dwelling place of the wicked if
tent the dwelling place of the wicked if you not ask those who travel the road
you not ask those who travel the road
you not ask those who travel the road and do you not know their signs but the
and do you not know their signs but the
and do you not know their signs but the wicked are reserved for the day of doom
wicked are reserved for the day of doom
wicked are reserved for the day of doom they should be brought out on the day of
they should be brought out on the day of
they should be brought out on the day of wrath who condemns his way to his face
wrath who condemns his way to his face
wrath who condemns his way to his face and who repays him for what he's done
and who repays him for what he's done
and who repays him for what he's done yet he shall be brought to the grave and
yet he shall be brought to the grave and
yet he shall be brought to the grave and a vigil kept over the tomb the clods of
a vigil kept over the tomb the clods of
a vigil kept over the tomb the clods of the valley shall be sweet to him
the valley shall be sweet to him
the valley shall be sweet to him everyone shall follow him as countless
everyone shall follow him as countless
everyone shall follow him as countless have gone before him well then can you
have gone before him well then can you
have gone before him well then can you comfort me with empty words since
comfort me with empty words since
comfort me with empty words since falsehood remains in your answers
falsehood remains in your answers
falsehood remains in your answers [Music]
[Music]
[Music] you
you
you [Music]